Hello everyone and welcome to the plier exercises solutions walk through in this lecture video.
I'm going to be just going over the solutions for that.
The plier exercise.
Let's go ahead and jump to our studio and get started.
OK so here we are our studio.
First thing I want to do is just go ahead and call library the plier.
Looks like it successfully was called.
And then I just want to show the head of the empty cars data frame which is what we're going to be working
with.
They go ahead and expand this.
I went ahead and copied and pasted the various operations that we had to do as part of the exercise
.
Let me go out and clear the console.
I'll go ahead and clear the console after every operation just so we know it's that Brawne.
So hopefully this is a pretty straightforward exercise.
The only issue is probably remembering what the actual function name is.
But other than that the should have been pretty straightforward because the whole point of the pliers
to make your life easier through a simple syntax first exercise was to return rows of cars to have an
MPG value greater than 20 and six cylinders.
So let's go ahead and try that out.
We'll say filter.
So this was the function you had to find.
Now you just passing your data and you pass in any conditions you want to filter by.
In this case we wanted to filter by mpg greater than 20 and six cylinders meaning we want see a whale
to be equal to six.
And there's the result to filter.
All right.
Let me go out and clear the con..
Next one we had to reorder the data frame by cylinder first and then by the sending weight.
So we're ordering we use arr. then you just passing your data.
Empty cars.
And we want to go by cylinder first and then we want descending weights.
So we have to pass an d s c and then the weight column C and if we check the results here we can scroll
through them to make sure they look correct.
But it looks like they do we Hirst's sort by cylinders we have four six and eight.
And then with in each of those within each of the four cellars when each of the six cylinders etc. Each
of those groups has weight going in descending order so from Greatest all the weight to least.
Right.
And that was just done with arr. passenger data and then pasand the already one to the columns you want
ordered by me go ahead and cons..
Next one was to just simply select the columns mpg and HP.
Again this is pretty simple we just say select and the passenger data frame empty cars.
In this case and we just passed the columns you want to select this case it was just mpg and horsepower
and that's it.
That's how you can select those two columns again hopefully pretty simple.
The key here is just getting a good knowledge of how to use those functions as far as recalling which
actual functions are basically the hard part is just memorizing the function names.
All right.
Next one you want to select distinct values of the gear columns.
How do we actually do that.
This one's actually a two step process.
We need two functions.
First we need to select the year column.
So I pass in my data frame and then the name of the column on a selects.
Now if I just run this I'll get the entire column back.
What I actually want to run we go ahead and write that again is this stink.
Pass this into this stinks and this will return the unique are distinct values.
This case we have four years three year and five year cars.
So again this is kind of two function distinct and that selects could have also use the pipe operator
if you wanted to show you what that would look like with the pipe operator can use say empty cars.
Then pipe in our step.
So first we wanted to select the gear column and then we want to go ahead and just call it the stink
on that whether or not this is more readable kind of up to you personally I think the first way it was
more readable but you can use the pipe operator to change these operations together.
All right.
Next we wanted to create a new column called performance which is calculated by HP divided by weights
.
Let's go ahead and do that.
So to create new columns based off of the ones we use mutate and then we just pass in our data frame
our data and we pass in our new column name this case it was performance equals and then the actual
equation we want to calculate it by this case it would just H-P the right way can go in and check that
out.
And there it is.
We have performance.
Hopefully this seems familiar because we've actually done this exact same operation before just not
with the plier.
All right.
Moving on we wanted to find the mean value of the MPG column isn't the player MeeGo didn't clear the
con..
So how can we find the mean use in the player.
Well in this case we'll go ahead and use summerize.
All right so the summerize function
is going to go ahead and pass in our data frame empty cars
and then we want to find the mean NPG value.
So we just go ahead and say we can apply average MPG as our new column name.
And then we just say I mean mpg and that will turn out the average MPG for those cars just twenty point
one Ishmael's per gallon.
And then finally you want to use pipe operators to get the mean HP value for cars of six cylinders.
So how do we do that.
Well we need to break this down into our step.
So first thing is their data frame and you have the pipe operator.
We want to filter first by six cylinders.
So we need C-y l.com equality to 6 there we're going to go ahead use another pipe operator and then
we're just going to go ahead and use our summerize function just like we did earlier and I'll go ahead
and say average HP equals mean HP.
Okay.
And that's the result 120 two point three.
All right.
So hopefully those the player exercises are pretty straightforward.
The main part of this is just remembering what the actual function names are.
All right thanks everyone and I'll see you the next lecture